Hey, Brother Long
What's your trouble?
Lord Dragon King, I'm fine
I'm done.
Concubine betrayed
Too heavy to be spoiled
After these 60,000 miles of valley, only nerves can pass
It can be seen that the Dragon King did not practice this magic skill
How disappointing!
visible
Is the Lord God of the Dragon Palace on the Great Summer Solstice just like this?
Just a man with no name
Your Daxia Woye supervision assets are rich
It's just you guys with fat heads and big ears
Just a greedy person
Although the Dragon King has never been a disciple
It can be seen that there is no one in Great Xia
It is better to bow down to my ten kingdoms in the Western Regions as soon as possible
Hahahaha
Shut your stinky mouth
I told you it was a counterfeit
Just a broken ground
See how I step on your Nanyi soil
That's right, this is the Dragon King
Lord Dragon King
Let the Western Regions move quickly
Look at the strength of all of us
What? He's fake?
Let go this is my grandfather from the Dragon King Palace
The True Dragon King personally supplied
Don't be fooled by this kid
He is the fake
The formation of Xiaoyan Western Regions is unfathomable
Even the Dragon King can't get through
You are a waste and dare to kill yourself
I don't know what to do.
Just a little trick in the Western Regions
It's worth kneeling and licking
It seems that you are not cruel
Don't even want a face
Hmm, watch out
You trash still delusional about this picture
If you can't pass this picture, it's special
It will kill you.